BUG: date comparison fails when series is all pd.NaT values (#61200)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

Datetimelike
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Bug in :attr:`Series.dt.date` where Series with all NaT values would raise an error when compared to a datetime.date (:issue:`61188`)

Reviewer: The root cause, and only change in behavior for pandas, is not returning object dtype. I think we should highlight that instead.

```suggestion
- Bug in :attr:`Series.dt.date` returned datetime dtype on Series with all NaT values; now returns object dtype (:issue:`61188`)
```
